c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\data.csv
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe.config
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Console.pdb
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Model.dll
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Reader.dll
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Interface.dll
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Model.pdb
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Reader.pdb
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Interface.pdb
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.pdb
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Implementation.dll
c:\users\tpm1009\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Implementation.pdb
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Config.dll
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Config.pdb
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Write.Output.dll
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Write.Output.pdb
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Run.dll
C:\Users\tpm1009\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dapper_Examples\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Run.pdb
D:\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe.config
D:\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe
D:\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.pdb
C:\Development\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe.config
C:\Development\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.exe
C:\Development\CsvReader\CsvReader.Console\obj\Debug\CsvReader.Console.pdb
